=== Meeting at the 09.11.2021

Place: Trefftzbau
Start:   13:40 Uhr +
End:     15:00

__Person that will write:__ Franz Nolasco

Next Meeting :* 11.11.2021


__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufzählung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- Franz 
- Conrad 
- Aleksey
- Philipp


== Remarks
- The prototypes of our project have been started and til thursday they will be finished ( very basic scratch , that will help us to start )
- We made a sequence diagramm of the class Festival
- We discussed about some problems with the framework
- We talked also about the respective classes that each package needs to have in order that our code will work in the right way 
- We planned also future meetings
== Retrospective of the last sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*
// Wie ist der Status der im letzten Sprint erstellten Issues/veteilten Aufgaben?

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Aufgabe |Status |Bemerkung
|…     |…       |…      |…
|===


== Current Status
The developer's document have been started and also each of our respective class diagramms, since now we have already made only one sequence diagrammn , and also we started coding the 
task itself "Festival manager" ( right now that we are only five in teh groupr is a little bit more stressful, but we are managing to do it ) and till thursday the basic skeleton of it 
will be finished. 
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Titel |Beschreibung |Verantwortlicher |Status
|…     |…     |…            |…                |…
|===
