=== Meeting at the 26.10.2021

Place: SLUB       +
Start:   18:00 Uhr +
End:     20:23 Uhr

__Person that will write:__ Franz Nolasco

Next Meeting :* +
27.10.2021, 13:00 Uhr, Discord

__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufzählung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- Franz 
- Conrad 
- Aleksey
- Philipp
- Cornelius

== Remarks
- In this meeting we sorted out the tasks of videoshop and now everyone knows which thing they need to do 
- We also started doing the scratch of the GUI , given the circunstances that the meeting was digital it was created a google Jamborad, in which this scratch was created ( We took references of the GUI of Videoshop and also some other pages )
- A little scratch in html of the GUI is in process
- We talked also about some organizational things of the project

== Retrospective of the last sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*
// Wie ist der Status der im letzten Sprint erstellten Issues/veteilten Aufgaben?

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Aufgabe |Status |Bemerkung
|…     |…       |…      |…
|===


== Current Status
Each of us had started doing their respective task in the code of Videoshope and also the GUI sratch is fast done and Conrad volunteerd by doing a simple scratch of the GUI in html, it was decided that in the next meeting ( 27.10.2021) we are going to start doing the Analysis Model of "Festival manager" and also it would be discussed the requirements of the project.

== Planning of the next sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Titel |Beschreibung |Verantwortlicher |Status
|…     |…     |…            |…                |…
|===
