=== Meeting at the 28.10.2021

Place: BBB       +
Start:   16:40 Uhr +
End:     18:30

__Person that will write:__ Franz Nolasco

Next Meeting :* +


__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufzählung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- Franz 
- Conrad 
- Aleksey
- Philipp
- Cornelius
- Tom ( Tutor) 

== Remarks
- In this meeting we described and also explained all the process that we have made during the last week to the tutor ( For example the diagramms, the scratch of the GUI, etc)
- He gave us some tips that we could use to make look better our Diagramms and make them more understandable 
- Our tasks of Videoshop were given to the tutor , and those are going to be ready till Sunday.
- We discussed about what are we going to do further in the project.
- Some mistakes in the Specification book need to be solved, and also it needs to be completed.
   
== Retrospective of the last sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*
// Wie ist der Status der im letzten Sprint erstellten Issues/veteilten Aufgaben?

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Aufgabe |Status |Bemerkung
|…     |…       |…      |…
|===


== Current Status
Since now we have made a great progrees of the project , with the class diagramm it will be much easier to start doing the code of the Project. The task of videoshop will be till sunday complete. 

== Planning of the next sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Titel |Beschreibung |Verantwortlicher |Status
|…     |…     |…            |…                |…
|===
