=== Meeting at the 11.11.2021

Place: APB
Start:   16:40 Uhr +
End:     18:00

__Person that will write:__ Franz Nolasco

Next Meeting :* 12.11.2021


__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufzählung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- Franz 
- Conrad 
- Aleksey
- Philipp
- Cornelius 
- Tom (Tutor)


== Remarks
- The prototye has been made , but we have not merged all the classes that we have made because of the time.
- The tutor gave us some advices to help us improve the prototype that we have made
- The tutor explained us the task that we are going to do in the following weeks
- The scratch of the developer documentation has been reviewed and the tutor gave us a feedback of it ( Problems with it will be solved till sunday and also it
will be completed till the next meeting)

== Retrospective of the last sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*
// Wie ist der Status der im letzten Sprint erstellten Issues/veteilten Aufgaben?

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Aufgabe |Status |Bemerkung
|…     |…       |…      |…
|===


== Current Status
We have made our corresponding codes for the task "Festivalmanager" , and it will be merged to the branch Prototyp throughout the next days, since now we have made 
only one sequence diagramm for the developer’s document ( Seq. Diagramm for Festival ), and we have started making the other ones . As a group we decided to meet the next day to solve a couple problems that we have 
merging some branches in Git . Since now we haven’t had any problems whatsoever.

*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Titel |Beschreibung |Verantwortlicher |Status
|…     |…     |…            |…                |…
|===
