=== Meeting at the 03.11.2021

Place: Trefftzbau       +
Start:   11:10 Uhr +
End:     13:00

__Person that will write:__ Franz Nolasco

Next Meeting :* 04.11.2021


__Participants:__
//Tabellarisch oder Aufzählung, Kennzeichnung von Teilnehmern mit besonderer Rolle (z.B. Kunde)

- Franz 
- Conrad 
- Aleksey
- Philipp

== Remarks
- In this short meeting , we accomplished to complete the specification book.
- The tasks of the project itself have been splitted in five parts ( Each one is responsible for the Backend and also the Frontend of his part)
- The skeleton of the project will be started in the next meeting
- We made some changes in the dialog map ,and also we extended a little bit of out class diagramm
- All diagramms have been made again and right now are more clearer
   
== Retrospective of the last sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*
// Wie ist der Status der im letzten Sprint erstellten Issues/veteilten Aufgaben?

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Aufgabe |Status |Bemerkung
|…     |…       |…      |…
|===


== Current Status
Sadly one of our group couldn’t continue with the project , and sadly he left us, but we managed to split the tasks equally. Each one of us will start doing a srcatch 
of the tasks , and we have discussed the strategy that are we goin to use in git to make it work.

== Planning of the next sprint
*Issue referenziert die Issue ID von GitHub*

// See http://asciidoctor.org/docs/user-manual/=tables
[option="headers"]
|===
|Issue |Titel |Beschreibung |Verantwortlicher |Status
|…     |…     |…            |…                |…
|===
